# Information-Security-Policy
A project for Perimeter Defense from CSIA 215


M07 Security Policy Executive Summary 
Sharyl Lynn Riley
December 6, 2020

An Information Security Policy is designed to protect information and critical resources from a wide range of threats in order to ensure business continuity, minimize business risk, and maximize return on investments and business opportunities. Information Technology (IT) security is achieved by implementing a suitable set of controls, including policies, processes, procedures, organizational structures, and software and hardware functions. These controls need to be established, implemented, monitored, reviewed and improved, where necessary, to ensure that the specific security and business objectives of Coastal Veterinary Clinic are met. This plan governs the privacy, security, and confidentiality of Coastal Veterinary Clinic data, especially highly sensitive data, and the responsibilities of departments and individuals for such data. IT security measures are intended to protect information assets and preserve the privacy of Coastal Veterinary Clinic Doctors, employees, animals, sponsors, suppliers, and other associated entities. Inappropriate use exposes Coastal Veterinary Clinic to risks including virus attacks, compromise of network systems and services, and legal issues. Doctors and employees in these roles are primarily concerned with using information technology (IT) to deliver valuable business services. Securing these services means that developing and maintaining effective processes and procedures that support the aims and objectives of the organization are essential. Common goals for those people who are working in these positions are service efficiency, quality, availability, quality user experience, service improvements, maintenance of data confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
 Goals and Objectives
The security policy guide describes security management processes within the physical and logical network structure. The security policy is not a traditional security plan or a security plan outline. Instead, it is a series of processes used for security planning and management within the clinic. The overall objective of the security policy is to describe “what” to do rather than “how” to do it. This is an important distinction to remember while reading the security policy.
The process flows defined within the Security Management affect the management of security interests in terms of the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all information technology (IT) systems, in addition to the data that is stored on or that traverses these systems. The processes manage the risks confronting an organization that uses IT systems. For this security management guide, security management includes risk management. The primary goals and objectives of the Security Policy are to introduce security controls and explain the reasons for using them. Provide security management process flows within the outsourced software. Describe best practice activities and processes for developing a security program. Develop a security management program by establishing: rules for securing data, processes for assessing and managing security risks, processes for security monitoring and security auditing controls, processes for handling security issues when they occur, establish key performance indicators and identify assessment methodologies to measure them, relate the Microsoft security management principles to allied industry initiatives.
